Detailed explanation of level (#5068)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/security/threat-protection/windows-defender-antivirus/specify-cloud-protection-level-windows-defender-antivirus.md

4. Select **Properties**, select **Settings: Configure**, and then select **Windows Defender Antivirus**.
5. On the **File Blocking Level** switch, select one of the following:

>     1. **High** Applies a strong level of detection.

Reviewer: Add a colon to indicate that the following sentence is the description of the preceding keyword.
```suggestion
    1. **High**: Applies a strong level of detection.
```

>     2. **High +** Uses the high level and applies additional protection measures(may impact client performance).

Reviewer: Same as above + additional adjustments:
```suggestion
    2. **High +**: Uses the **High** level and applies additional protection measures (may impact client performance).
```

>     3. **Zero tolerance** Block all unknown executables.

Reviewer: (add colon)
```suggestion
    3. **Zero tolerance**: Block all unknown executables.
```

>     3. **Zero tolerance**: Block all unknown executables.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    3. **Zero tolerance**: Blocks all unknown executables.
```

5.  Expand the tree to **Windows components > Windows Defender Antivirus > MpEngine**.

1.  Double-click the **Select cloud protection level** setting and set it to **Enabled**. Select the level of protection:  

>      1.  **Default Windows Defender Antivirus blocking level** provides strong detection without increasing the risk of detecting legitimate files.  

Reviewer: Looks like I have added an extra space here in one of my suggestions. That was not intended.
```suggestion
    1.  **Default Windows Defender Antivirus blocking level** provides strong detection without increasing the risk of detecting legitimate files.  
```

1.  Double-click the **Select cloud protection level** setting and set it to **Enabled**. Select the level of protection:  

>     1.  Setting to **Default Windows Defender Antivirus blocking level** provides strong detection without increasing the risk of detecting legitimate files.  

Reviewer: Based on the preceding sentence, the following lines should be a list and does not need "Selecting" or "Setting":
```suggestion
     1.  **Default Windows Defender Antivirus blocking level** provides strong detection without increasing the risk of detecting legitimate files.  
```

>     2.  Setting to **High blocking level** applies a strong level of detection while optimizing client performace (greater chances of false positives).

Reviewer: (same as above)
```suggestion
    2.  **High blocking level** applies a strong level of detection while optimizing client performace (greater chances of false positives).
```

>     3. **High + blocking level** applies additional protection measures(may impact client performance and increase rsik of false positives).

Reviewer: (minor adjustments)
```suggestion
    3. **High + blocking level** applies additional protection measures (may impact client performance and increase risk of false positives).
```

    4. **Zero tolerance blocking level** blocks all unknown executables.

        > [!WARNING]

>         > While unlikely, setting this switch to **High** and **High +** might cause some legitimate files to be detected (although you will have the option to unblock or dispute that detection).

Reviewer: (grammatical improvements)
```suggestion
        > While unlikely, setting this switch to **High** or **High +** may cause some legitimate files to be detected (although you will have the option to unblock or dispute that detection).
```
